feat: adding date formatter project for new JS curriculum (#52088)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-the-date-object-by-building-a-date-formatter/65388d61a57a00b9ad0d0817.md

---
id: 65388d61a57a00b9ad0d0817
title: Step 16
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> When a user makes a selection from the dropdown menu, the function should get the user's value and display the date in their chosen date format. To accomplish this task, you can use the `switch` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user makes a selection from the dropdown menu, the function should get the user's value and display the date in their chosen date format. To do this, you can use the `switch` statement.
```
